Add image base path configuration option (#23115)
vercel/next.js: docs/basic-features/image-optimization.md

If you need a different provider, you can use the [`loader`](/docs/api-reference/next/image.md#loader) prop with `next/image`.

> The `next/image` component's default loader is not supported when using [`next export`](/docs/advanced-features/static-html-export.md). However, other loader options will work.

> > 
> 
> ### Base path
> If you have deployed your application under a sub-path of a domain using the `basePath` config option, you will need to configure your images to reference this path.
> 
> ```js
> module.exports = {
>   images: {
>     path: `yourBasePath/_next/image`,
>   },
> }
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion

### Base path

If you have deployed your application under a sub-path of a domain using the [`basePath`](/docs/api-reference/next.config.js/basepath.md) option, you will need to configure your images to reference this path.

```js
module.exports = {
  images: {
    path: `yourBasePath/_next/image`,
  },
}
```
```

> The `next/image` component's default loader is not supported when using [`next export`](/docs/advanced-features/static-html-export.md). However, other loader options will work.

### Base path

If you have deployed your application under a sub-path of a domain using the [`basePath`](/docs/api-reference/next.config.js/basepath.md) option, you will need to configure your images to reference this path.

```js
module.exports = {
  images: {
    path: `yourBasePath/_next/image`,
  },
}

> 

Reviewer: My inline suggestion remove the code back ticks 😆
